---
layout: posts
title: "2023-10-29 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-10-29
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This weeks training was:
>
> 5.7km, 4:57 min/km
>
> 10x 500m intervals, 1 min rest, avg interval pace 4:13 min/km (8.5km total distance)
>
> 4x (Squats x6 60kg, Deadlifts x6 75kg) 30s rest
>
> > Saturday
> >
> > 9.5km pre-parkrun loop 5:54 min/km (2kg packweight + 1L water)
> >
> > 5km to-parkrun 5:58 min/km (2kg packweight + 1L water)
> >
> > Parkrun 5k 23:00
> >
> > Total 19.5 km
>
> Sunday long run: 27.2km 7:11 / km (3L water)
>
> Weekday total: 14.2 km
>
> Weekend total: 46.7 km
>
> Week total: 60.9 km

Still in a post covid recovery but far beeter than I was expecting.
Midweek runs felt like I was back to normal but stats show a slightly higher heartrate.

Saturday was good holding 6 min km with a bit of packweight, followed by my best 23min pacing practice yet.

Sunday I had alloted 4 hours to run, I had a marathon route planned with plenty of bailout points to get home withing the 4 hours if my pace wasnt there.
I ended up turning home to finish a 27km in 3 hours and 15 mins, this was because my legs felt poor and my shoulders and arms were hurting a lot.
My pace down in the 7 min/km at this point and slowing fast.
Lots of soreness on the side of my hips which started on the right and spread to both, didnt worsen just bedded in.
For my first back to back properly long run weekend this wasnt bad.
For both saturday and sunday the Friday evening gym was the real killer I think but lots of running fatiguged was the aim so althought it wasnt pleasent I feel stronger for having quite a restful Sunday afternoon.

> I want to get some significant recovery into my legs so this week I will:
>
> Core and upper body Tuessday morning
>
> Swim Wednesday morning (Speedwork depending on recovery state ~8.5k)
>
> Body Pump Thursday (Light run to ~5k)
>
> Light run Friday (~5k)
>
> Sat: 5 to PR, PR (pacing 23), 10-15k run home
>
> Sunday: 30-35k morning run.

I will watch closely how I recover to see what distance I think is sensible to do the weekend before the peak district.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
