---
layout: posts
title: "2023-10-01 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-10-01
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---


> This weeks training was:
>
> 2k Swim
>
> Stretch, slow run, stretch
>
> Cycling to and from work
>
> 2.5k stride repart warmup for parkrun
>
> Parkrun, PB 21:04
>
> Rugby Half, 02:07:00
>

So this week I was forced into learning the benifits of recovery.

After last week my knees were feeling quite sore so this week I took it easy.
Total running was 2.5k only over the 5 weekdays and I think I should have not done that.
The swim was good more of that on the 'off weeks' where they are needed.
Partly I think adding in multiple extra 15k runs and trail runs over the past few weeks has been a bit much, but, mostly I blame the Hoka Carbon X Spe shoes which are now on their way to a charity shop.
In their place I am using some Hoka Clifton 9s which on first 200m seem nice and squidgy but still with the Hoka metarocker style.
From now I will use them for anything over 10k unless I am going for a PB specifically.
I will also use them for easy runs, this leaves the Hoka Rocket X for Speedwork, Tempo and PB attempts.
in addition to the shoe change I've also been doing streches 1 min hold, some single leg squats and massage gunning where needed before bed this week and that has also helped a lot.

Parkrun this week was fantastic, aside from the horsefly bite that has set my leg on fire.
The new stride repeat warmup, 200m 30s-60s slower than race pace, 100m 30-60 seconds faster picking the feet up and swinging arms more, is working has me coming off the startline better.
The week of very low activity had me 'peaking' according to garmin all week and I felt so fresh, the last 500m was a push to make sure I got the watch PB to match the parkrun PB that was in the bag at that point.

For the rugby half I was pacing Lizzie to her goal of sub 2:10 and with a 2:07 we made it with time to spare. Wore the Rocket X for this as I didnt want to use new shoes for a 21k run out the door where my primary aim was making sure Lizzie hit here goal.
I came away with minimal knee pain so it adds weight to the it was the shoes argument for the knees.
More to the race we ran with pace on the downs and let it slip on the ups and a lot in the last 5k where Lizzie cramped, a lot.
I really enjoyed it I love pacing so has a great time and her face was priceless across the finish.

With Rugby half out the way its 7 weeks to the PD South and north, so I need to bring my milage up for that.
Ive essentially got two 3-week cycles and then a rest week.
Weekdays will stay broadly the same:

- Easy week has no speedwork, a core workout, an easy cardio (usually running), and a class (5-10k)
- Medium week will have, one round of speedwork, a light cardio, and a body pump class (10-20k)
- Hard week will be, two round of speedwork, a core workout, and a class (15-30k)
- Taper week will be swims and streching

Weekends nee to start bringing the miles up so next 6+1 weeks:

1. Sat: 10k, then hiking Sun: hiking (total 15-20k running)
2. Sat: 5k, PR Sun: 15k Gym (total, 35-50k running)
3. Sat: 5k, PR Sun: 20k (45-60k running)
4. Sat: 5k, PR, 5k Sun: 12k (32-37k running)
5. Sat: 10k, PR, 5k Sun: 15k (45-55k, running)
6. Sat: 10k, PR Sun: 20k (50-65k running)
7. Race

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
