---
layout: posts
title: "2023-11-26 Weekly Blog and Post Race"
date: 2023-11-26
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This weeks run-covery was:
>
> 10km 49:26 4:54 min/km avg
>
> Full body gym
>
> 8.5km 46:00 5:26 min/km avg
>
> 15.1km 1:23:12 5:31 min/km avg

I was surprised how quickly I was able to get out running, and to put in a sub 50 10km.
Unfortunately, after the gym session I started to feel extremely tired.
This was either delayed recovery or fighting a cold I picked up from Charlotte.
Either way I kept the latter half of the week a couple of slower pace runs with no cross training or speed-work.

The actual race clocked in on my garmin at 59.5km with an elevation gain/loss of 1350m, 7:50 min/km avg, which bought me in at 6:27:55.
This was faster than expected as there were more roads and the climbs were steep but the descents flowing which meant actual running downhill.
It was however very very muddy, and in parts basically running down streams.
I was pleased to have waterproof socks so I could mindlessly splash through.
The mud in places was un-runnable with it slipping back more than going forward, I also took a couple of tumbles where footing was just not happening.
Splitting the gpx into pieces and loading them one by one worked a treat.
All in it was a good race and I was well prepared, only mistake was carrying way to many nuts.

Things to try on training runs for the next one are using dates to mix up the snacks, as advised by another runner.
I am also unsure of how much water to take on I wend out with 2.5L 1.5L fresh in the pack and 2x0.5L with electrolytes in softflasks.
Coming back in I think I had 0.5L fresh and had taken 0.5L to do a fresh flask of electrolyte.
On the Snowdon run, I took out about the same and refilled everything at least once if not twice, but it was 15 degrees hotter.

Next race is in march and is a road marathon which is 10 laps around Oulton GP circuit.
Target time is 3:30 to be revised after a tester run in January where I will shoot for a 3:45 marathon up Coventry canal with Charlotte supporting on bike.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
