---
layout: posts
title: "Beggining with insanity"
date: 2023-05-18
categories:
  - blog
tagss:
  - weekly
---

This is the first blog post as it is when I signed up to my first ultra-marathon. Written as a retrospective.

My friend who I had recently moved away from messaged me asking if I was up for the Xterra Snowdonia Ultra Marathon. Not wanting to say no to the first event he suggested I accepted with seven and a half weeks to get in shape. That day I had just got back from an (accidental) 18.5k run. Having not run more than 15k in over a month with my last half at the end of January. At this point a half was as far as I had ever run.

I initially made a plan to just add 5k a week on my Sunday long run until I was running 50k then call it a day. A quick read of some running blogs left me with no doubt that this would be a terrible idea. I quickly changed that plan for a plan that involved doing long runs on Saturday and Sunday to get used to running on tired legs. Building these runs up to culminate at running 25k on Saturday and 35k on Sunday then tapering for two weeks before the event. On the weekend before I ran a parkrun on saturday and a 17k with some mild intervals. The weekend of the event I ran a parkrun the day before to make sure I was loose.

The final weekend of training was tough with 20 plus degree heat and 75-80% humididty. It did however see me dial in my nutrition plan and drinking, the addition of nuts is a godsend with gels for 4 hours plus feeling dire.

Overall this training was a bit overly demanding on my weekends with 6 plus hours spent a week running around Coventry.
