---
layout: posts
title: "2023-10-22 Covid!"
date: 2023-10-22
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This weeks training was:
>
> 10km Run (PB 46:54)
>
> 5 hill reps 200m avg pace 3:20
>
> Then I got covid and did nothing for 2 days
>
> Dog walk 8.5km
>
> Dog walk 8.5km + 5.7km brisk walk
>
> Dog walk 8.5k + 8.5km slow run 51:01min 6:min/km avg
>

Week started extremely well then fell off a cliff.
The 10 km PB felt amazing and was in my daily km shoes.
I did 5 rather than my usual 10 hill reps because I felt a bit ropey and was pushed for time.
I felt terrible Wednesday morning and took a LFT, +ve immediatly.
I stopped dead for two days and walked less than 2000 steps ate loads and drank loads of water (and tea).
Then the dogs needed to go out so I did a very very slow long walk which felt like death.
The walk massivly helped me, so the next day the same walk followed by a brisk shorter walk again pushed where I was at.
Finally a walk followed by a really slow run with HR at 146 bpm average.

The week ahead was due to be a low intensity week anyway and I will avoid indoor activities until I test -ve. So mixing up the plan a bit I will go on long slow walks/runs to keep the km up.

Its been nearly exactly a year since I last had covid and this time its still been a PITA.
However, I bounced way faster it lasted less than a quater of the time in terms of out of action.
I also am back to moderate avtivitiy without coughing up my lungs.
I dont know if this is as I had a flu jab a week ago and the timings worked out for me/my blood cells.
Or if this is due to a variant, or to me being significantly more in shape.
Whatever it is its good and also covid can get in the sea.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
