---
layout: posts
title: "2023-08-27 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-08-27
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This week:
>
> Light (nearly) 5k
>
> Ab repeats N from 5 - 15, with Nx2 rest between each exorcise
> >
> > - N Russian Twists
> > - Nx2 seconds side plank (each side)
> > - Nx2 Seconds plank
> > - N Elbow to knee crunch
>
> 1.2k pool swim (30 Mins)
>
> Parkrun with a 1k warmup
>
> 11k very light
>
> Full body at 50-70% max weight

After having some knee pain and taking advice from my Aunt (a PT with some very impressive finishes, ironman e.t.c) I've switched to a 3 week rolling plan.

This is week 1 or 'easy week' lots of rest days and light running.
Its actually been really benificial to step back from the high intensity training and I feel stronger for it.
The plan below is a first pass and a guideline, I think medium week may need stepping up a bit but we will see.
It will be intresting to see how I feel after a couple of 3 week cycles.
Likely this will be a good week for any further parkrun PBs now they are not my main focus.

A guide plan is this:

> Easy Week
>
> - Monday Rest
> - Tuesday Easy 5
> - Wednesday Core
> - Thursday Swim
> - Friday Rest
> - Saturday Parkrun
> - Sunday Zone2 10k + Light Full Body
>


> Medium Week
>
> - Monday Rest
> - Tuesday Light run
> - Wednesday Upper Body
> - Thursday Intervals
> - Friday Rest
> - Saturday Parkrun
> - Sunday Zone 3 15k and full body
>


> Hard week
>
> - Monday Hill Reps
> - Tuesday Light run
> - Wednesday Full body
> - Thursday Intervals
> - Friday Rest
> - Saturday Parkrun
> - Sunday Half and Runners leg day
>

Parkrun this week felt great I wasnt running for a PB (it's a parkrun PB at 21:51), but more just keeping my focus on what to do at what part of the course and on having my hands in the correct place.
It wasnt a 'hard' run and i felt strong for most of it certianly focusing on when and where to push really helped and I managed to do a easy 1st lap to leave somthing for the 2nd.

Other notablesthis week were:

- The core day with the increaseing sets/times this was really good.
- The Rocket X came down by another £5 so I got another pair at £65.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
