---
layout: posts
title: "2023-08-21 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-08-21
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> SThis week my training was:
>
> 8.4km poor dicipline and went too fast
>
> Core workout with reps increasing from 5 to 15 hold/rest time is 2xreps (twists, side plank, plank, and elbow to knee crunches)
> 
> 15km pacing for half marathon with Lizzie
>
> Body pump, mostly lower weights than instructor with some faliures in the squats, core and triceps.
>
> Parkrun, 22:23
>
> 11.3k to gym, inc new 10km pb at 48:06
>
> Gym with deadlift, squat, benchpress, and barbell row PBs
>
> 4k run home (5:40 min/km pace)
>

This has not been the easiest of easy weeks, but I have felt very strong the entire time. 
It could be that last week was not the hardest of hard weeks.
I think I dont see as much benifit from 200m intervals as I would like.
I am going to try a stepped track interval session soon and move back to the kilometer run 2 min walk intervals that used to work for me.
Also for now I will keep the hillsprints when appropriate.

Body pump this week was great really worked some bits I didnt know I was missing.

10km PB was a bit of a surprise, I was meant to be aiming for 5:00-5:15 min/km pace but was around 4:54 so decided to go for it.
As usual it can be taken with a pinch of salt as the greenway gives me a downhill boost, would be good to replicate a sub 50 on a proper loop.

Running home after the full compond workout was intresting I held a good pace but it was the best simulation of the last part of am ultra I have found yet with many muscle groups asking me to stop.

All in good week, I have also mixed in some pea protine powder to see if that can reduce DOMS, increase gains, and reduce hunger. 


{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
