---
layout: posts
title: "2023-09-04 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-09-04
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This week (medium week):
>
> 6.5k run at 80-90% effort
>
> Upper body Strength workout
>
> Trail run with 5 hill repeats
>
> Parkrun (Pacing a 24min) with a 700m warmup
>
> 16k 85% Zone-2 11% Zone-3 (Hot)
>
> Full body at max weight

This week was a medium exertion week. Nothing to note on the 6.5 or upper body workout.

The trail run was good to get some different terrian underfoot and some hills.
The hill was brutal long steep and no well trodden path.
I managed three of the reps then failed the last two, I think it was leg fatauge rather than cardio faliure.

The parkrun was fantastic good weather and 1st weekend of the month so it was pacers. 
I had planned to do 25 but that was taken and I am quite glad I got at least one person a PB and had multiple thanks.
Never felt that strong on a 24 before, I was able to keep up high energy callouts and chats the entire run.

On Sunday it got hot, 16k with km 6-9 in fully exposed heat was rough.
I took on about 1L of water and another 500mL of electrolytes.
No gels on this which I think was fine even with the following gym workout.

The gym was good deadlift and squat PB at 70kg and 75kg.

I think a takeway from this week was from the long run in the heat, since doing the ultra I have found myself able to dig a bit harder.
On the run I tend to think of it like a pot of grit I can sprinkle on my attitude and keep going, it's not making me faster or stronger but it is making sure I dont stop or give up.
If I can run a marathon and then climb Yr Waddfa I can plod for 20 mins in the sunshine.
Long runs (15k+) changed the way I thought about a 5k, after a half a 5k isn't a long run but it can be a hard run.
Ultra runs change they way I intreact with my willpower/motivation/grit/mental endurance I know what I've done without giving up I can't give up before that point now.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
