---
layout: posts
title: "2023-11-12 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-11-12
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

Two weeks of training because I forgot last week.

> Last weeks training was:
>
> Cycling to and from work twice.
>
> Core Workout
>
> 2k Swimming 45:25
>
> 7k 34:04 4:52
>
> Body Pump
>
> 20k, 7.5k to and from parkrun, 5k 23min parkrun, 7.7k home
>
> 35k, 6:42 min/km, 4:00:38
>
> Total: 62km
>
>
> This weeks training was:
>
> Cycling to and from work twice
>
> 8.5k 44:29, 5:16 min/km
>
> Strength, Deadlifts, Squats and a litttle shoulder press
>
> Yoga
>
> 10x 500m intervals avg pace 4:10 min/km (max 3:51 #10 min 4:28 #6), 8.5k inc warmup/cooldown
>
> 10.2k run 54:26, 5:21min/km
>
> 10.2k run 50:25, 4:58min/km
>
> 8.5k run 50:08, 5:55min/km
>
> Total: 45.9km

First week here summarised, swim, core, and body pump were all good parkrun was dead on, the 35k was tough on already tired legs.

Second week was strong, deadlift and squat set was good, intervals were good, first 10 was good nice low HR second 10 was really strong, the final 8.5k was more pushing though as the legs had tired on the 4th concectutive day. Good to get that running on tired legs feeling given I didnt have the time for two long runs.

Feeling generally that somthing has shifted again, my efficency is still increasing and things that used to be tough sub 50 10k for example is getting to be near trivial, after that 10 recovery back to resting HR was fast.
23k pacing Park Run, conditions we bad but timing was spot on again recovery was swift.
The main thing I had changed is started on a protine supplment every morning 17g and an extra 17g after intense activity.
I think its improving the maintinace and giving me more to build off.
I think getting back into the routine I was trying to establish will imporve things as I will happily neglect upper body and core.

This week coming is swimming yoga and stretching and PSandN Stage 1 ~50k on Saturday.
Bonus pre race prediction post next.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
---