---
layout: posts
title: "2023-08-18 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-08-18
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This week (and a bit) training was:
>
> Intervals 5x 1k on 1 min rest with warmup/cooldown for a 6.5k run. Average running pace was 4:14 min/km. 1k pb set here 3:52 min for the km (Mon)
>
> A 5k to the Gym where a car beeped at me and I accidentially ran a PB on adrenaline. 4:16 min/km. (Tue)
>
> A hot but really well paced 6.5k with Charlotte.
>
> A cop out interval session on a treadmill 45s at 3:30 min/km (30s at target pace after belt spin up), 2 min at 6:45 pace.
>
> 15 k around Frome 5:15 min/km pace always very hilly.
>
> 10 100m hill sprints, 2.5 anerobic effort still working on this sesion as I think it needs to be hitting a 3+ anerobic effort. Average sprint speed was 3:56 min/km. (Sat)
>
> Bit of a gap
>
> 8.4k run at 5:05 pace. (Tue)

This week (and a bit was a weird one), I did a couple of unexpected PBs then we went away for a bit where I did some running in Frome.
Then went on a minibreak for 2 days with no running.
After getting home the 8.4k felt really really stong, but the following day I had a very odd feaver that lasted about 12h so I didnt do a gym workout and then took the following day off as well.

> Shoe nerding ahead
>
> I have new shoes, Hoka Rocket X, for Parkrun tomorow.
> I will do a gym workout tonight so the next update will be a quick update with a bit on that.
> On a side note I am very sad that the X2 seem to be completly out of stock as I dont like the look of the X3 upper.
> The Carbon X-SPE I bought were a mistake dead cheap but basically a Carbon x 1.5, I will use them for my daily shoe once my last pair of X2 wear out.
> Hopefully the Rocket X will be a good raceday holdover utill the Rocket X2 come down in price and then I hope to get a Mach X for the daily runs once the X-SPE wear out.

All in a weird week and a half the 5k PB was downhill but still appreciated, lets see how parkrun goes with a new pair of shoes and well rested!

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
