---
layout: posts
title: "2023-08-06 Weekly Blog"
date: 2023-08-06
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

> This weeks training was:
>
> 10 sets of 1 miniute sprints 3 minuite cooldown, for a 8.5k run
>
> A lactate threshold test (the last 3 mins of which was tourture)
>
> 1000m swim, all breaststroke
>
> Taking Charlotte on a 3.1k interval set 30s all out sprint ~1 min recovery
>
> Upper body and core workout
>
> Corporate Games XC 5k (Event) (4:40 pace on grass)
>
> 19k running until reaching threshhold then walking until HR back to rest and repeat
>
> Upper body and core workout (and barbel back squats)

I skipped the Friday night hill reps to be ready for corportate games this week.
I only found out it was a trail 5k about a week before the event so toughts of a fast track PB were out the window. 
The course was also woefully miss-measured and was 400m short at 4.6k.
I maintained a 4:40 which on grass is a good pace but the whole thing was a bit of a dissapointment.

The gym is certianly starting to help with many of the runs feeling stronger.
On the 19k run I found that they have opened the greenway from Balsall Conmmon to Burton green so that is going to be a nice route for my long runs.
There is a lot of work to be done to turn a long run like that where I theshold then fall back into good training.
Next time I may try setting 10 min runs targeting low threshold or high upper areobic HR with 1 min rests to drink/fuel.

The next event upcoming is the Lichfield half marathon where I am targeting a 01:45:00, or a 5min pace.

Ongoing weekly non-running training will be based around building core and upper body in the gym.
Core for general performance and upper looking toward more and longer ultras.
Mixing barbell squats in here should play into explosive leg strength and stability.
Longer sessions taking on adduction and abductions for even more stability.

Running training will see a mix of high intensity intervals and hill reps, I still need to figure out how to redline effectivly for these as I am struggling to get my HR high enough to see strong anerobic gain.
This will be mixed with Parkrun where I will keep pushing at the 21-22 min mark to get a new PB.
Then also the longer run where I am going to try out some strategys for pushing my areobic threshold.
I will also do swimmming and esay runs with Charlotte whilst we train her for the half as well.

I think I will be updating the activity days soon as hill reps on Friday evening makes the fast 5k on Saturdays a bit harder.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
