---
layout: posts
title: "2025-02-14 Weekly Blog"
date: 2025-02-14
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - weekly
---

## Trying to get back to this

I focused almost entirely on base training and hip conditioning/strengthening via weight training until October 2024.

In that time I ran:

Trail Events Co Lake District, 65km >3000m elevation, this run was nasty underfoot and the route could have been better. 12.5 hour finish was good for the field. Some hip issues that I had to stretch out on the way.

Trail Event Co Snowdon, DNF, the organizers changed the course to something lapped adding 10km and 1000m elevation. After the 2nd lap I declined to do the 3rd as it was another ascent up Llanberis path. Finished 41km.

North Coast 110, finished 20:59:26. Was making okay progress until 75km then my legs gave out and the remainder of the race was very intense walking. I think a mid race gear change and better pacing, don't go out so fast, would have improved the outcome. But a finish is a finish.

After the 110km, I swapped back to a more traditional speed training to try and hit a sub 21 parkrun.

Since October my bi-weekly routine has been (approximately):

> ### Week 1:
>
> M: Recovery or Rest
>
> T: Intervals
>
> W: Asymmetrical lifts
>
> T: Upper Body
>
> F: Zone 2 10-15k
> 
> S: Tempo (Parkrun) + 5k warmup/Cooldown
>
> S: Runchurch Minimum 15k
>
>
> ### Week 2:
>
> M : 5k Pace Repeats
>
> T: Single Leg Asymmetrical 
>
> W: Compound lifts 
>
> T: Upper Body
>
> F: Zone 2 10-15k
> 
> S: Tempo (Parkrun) + 5k warmup/Cooldown
>
> S: Runchurch Minimum 15k

Since adopting this pattern I've dropped well over 2 mins off my 5k, notably knocking off a sub 21 min 5k PB before Christmas. That 5k felt very hard but the Warwick HM I managed that pace for the entire thing.

I've been making sure to make my long runs up so I've had a few 100km weeks and a few Sat/Sun long efforts this should have me ready for teh BYU in March.

{% include personal-bests.md %}
{% include goals.md %}
{% include upcoming-events.md %}
